c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PESproj.Tests.dll.config
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PESproj.Tests.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PESproj.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PESproj.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PESproj.pdb
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\obj\Debug\PESproj.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\obj\Debug\PESproj.Tests.dll
c:\Users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\obj\Debug\PESproj.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Service.dll
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.dll
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CastleWindsorHelper.dll
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CSI.Security.dll
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CSI.ModelHelper.dll
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CSI.Common.dll
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Interceptors.dll
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Service.pdb
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.pdb
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CastleWindsorHelper.pdb
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CSI.Security.pdb
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CSI.ModelHelper.pdb
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CSI.Common.pdb
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Interceptors.pdb
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\phittaya\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PESproj.Tests.dll.config
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PESproj.Tests.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PESproj.Tests.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PESproj.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Service.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CastleWindsorHelper.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CSI.Security.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CSI.ModelHelper.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CSI.Common.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Interceptors.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PESproj.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Service.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CastleWindsorHelper.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CSI.Security.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CSI.ModelHelper.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\CSI.Common.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Interceptors.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\obj\Debug\PESproj.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\obj\Debug\PESproj.Tests.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PESproj.Tests\obj\Debug\PESproj.Tests.pdb
