c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.dll.config
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CastleWindsorHelper.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CSI.Common.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CSI.ModelHelper.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CSI.Security.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Interceptors.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Service.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CastleWindsorHelper.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CSI.Common.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CSI.ModelHelper.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CSI.Security.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Interceptors.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Service.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\obj\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\obj\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\obj\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.dll.config
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CastleWindsorHelper.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CSI.Common.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CSI.ModelHelper.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CSI.Security.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Interceptors.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Service.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CastleWindsorHelper.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CSI.Common.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CSI.ModelHelper.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\CSI.Security.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Interceptors.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\PesWeb.Service.pdb
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\obj\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\obj\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.dll
D:\PesWeb\PesWeb\PesWeb\CrossCuttings\PesWeb.Injectors\obj\Debug\PesWeb.Injectors.pdb
