c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\PesWeb.App.dll.config
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\PesWeb.App.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\PesWeb.App.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\CastleWindsorHelper.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\CSI.Common.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\CSI.Security.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\CSI.Web.UI.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\PesWeb.Injectors.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\PesWeb.Service.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\PesWeb.Interceptors.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\CSI.ModelHelper.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\PesWeb.Injectors.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\PesWeb.Service.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\CastleWindsorHelper.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\CSI.Common.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\CSI.Security.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\CSI.Web.UI.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\PesWeb.Interceptors.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\CSI.ModelHelper.pdb
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\obj\Debug\PesWeb.App.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\obj\Debug\PesWeb.App.dll
c:\users\phittaya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PesWeb\PesWeb\Presentations\PesWeb.App\obj\Debug\PesWeb.App.pdb
